Docker README corrections and pretrained model checking (#398)
microsoft/seismic-deeplearning: docker/README.md

# Run the Docker image:
Once the Docker image is built, you can run it anytime using the following command:
```bash
sudo docker run --rm -it -p 9000:9000 -p 9001:9001 --gpus=all --shm-size 11G seismic-deeplearning
```
The command above will run a [JupyterLab](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) instance that you can access by clicking on the link in your terminal. You can then navigate to the notebook or script that you would like to run.

We recommend using [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) web browser for any visualizations shown in the notebook.

> You can alternatively use [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) instead of Jupyterlab by changing the last line in the Dockerfile from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can alternatively use [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) notebook instead of Jupyter Lab by changing the last line in the Dockerfile from
```

[Microsoft Research](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/). Its use is currently experimental. 

## Download the HRNet model: 

To run the [`Dutch_F3_patch_model_training_and_evaluation.ipynb`](https://github.com/microsoft/seismic-deeplearning/blob/master/examples/interpretation/notebooks/Dutch_F3_patch_model_training_and_evaluation.ipynb), you will need to manually download the [HRNet-W48-C](https://1drv.ms/u/s!Aus8VCZ_C_33dKvqI6pBZlifgJk) pretrained model. You can follow the instructions [here](../README.md#pretrained-models). 

If you are using an Azure Virtual Machine to run this code, you can download the HRNet model to your local machine, and then copy it to your Azure VM through the command below. Please make sure you update the `<azureuser>` and `<azurehost>` feilds.
```bash
scp hrnetv2_w48_imagenet_pretrained.pth <azureuser>@<azurehost>:/home/<azureuser>/seismic-deeplearning/docker/hrnetv2_w48_imagenet_pretrained.pth
```
Once you have the model downloaded (ideally under the `docker` directory), you can proceed to build the Docker image. 

> If you have saved the pretrained model in a different directory, make sure you replace `$PWD/hrnetv2_w48_imagenet_pretrained.pth` with the **absolute** path to the pretrained HRNet model. 

Reviewer 2: This part is left from previous docker build, and it confusing. We either have to remove/rephrase it.

Author: Thanks, good catch - resolved!

> The command above will run a Jupyter Lab instance that you can access by clicking on the link in your terminal. You can then navigate to the notebook or script that you would like to run.

Reviewer 2: same
